This sample demonstrates a simple echo bot with state with ASP.Net Core 2. The bot maintains a simple counter that increases with each message from the user.

# To try this sample
- Clone the samples repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/zbahhah/SimpleBot_demo.git
```
- [Optional] Update the `appsettings.json` file under `SimpleBot_demo/demo1` with your botFileSecret.  For Azure Bot Service bots, you can find the botFileSecret under application settings.
# Prerequisites
## Visual Studio
- Navigate to the samples folder (`SimpleBot_demo/demo1`) and open EchoBotWithCounter.csproj in Visual Studio.
- Run the project (press `F5` key).

## Visual Studio Code
- Open `SimpleBot_demo/demo1` sample folder.
- Bring up a terminal, navigate to `SimpleBot_demo/demo1` folder.
- Type `dotnet run`.

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator
[Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot 
developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.
- Install the Bot Framework emulator from [here](https://aka.ms/botframeworkemulator).

## Connect to bot using Bot Framework Emulator **V4**
- Launch the Bot Framework Emulator.
- File -> Open bot and navigate to `SimpleBot_demo/demo1` folder.
- Select `demo1.bot` file.

# Concepts introduced in this sample
## What is a bot?
A bot is an app that users interact with in a conversational way using text, graphics (cards), or speech. It may be a simple question and answer dialog, or a sophisticated bot that allows people to interact with services in an intelligent manner using pattern matching, state tracking and artificial intelligence techniques well-integrated with existing business services.

## Adapters
[Adapters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.bot.builder.adapters?view=botbuilder-4.0.0-alpha) provide an abstraction for your bot to work with a variety of environments. 

A bot is directed by it's adapter, which can be thought of as the conductor for your bot. The adapter is responsible for directing incoming and outgoing communication, authentication, and so on. The adapter differs based on it's environment (the adapter internally works differently locally versus on Azure) but in each instance it achieves the same goal. 

In most situations we don't work with the adapter directly, such as when creating a bot from a template, but it's good to know it's there and what it does.
The bot adapter encapsulates authentication processes and sends activities to and receives activities from the Bot Connector Service. When your bot receives an activity, the adapter wraps up everything about that activity, creates a [context object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#turn-context), passes it to your bot's application logic, and sends responses generated by your bot back to the user's channel.


# Deploy this bot to Azure
You can use the [MSBot](https://github.com/microsoft/botbuilder-tools) Bot Builder CLI tool to clone and configure any services this sample depends on. In order to install this and other tools, you can read [Installing CLI Tools](../../../Installing_CLI_tools.md).

To clone this bot, run
```bash
msbot clone services -f deploymentScripts/msbotClone -n <BOT-NAME> -l <Azure-location> --subscriptionId <Azure-subscription-id>
```
# Further reading
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Bot State](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-storage-concept?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Write directly to storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-v4-storage?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=jsechoproperty%2Ccsetagoverwrite%2Ccsetag)
- [Managing conversation and user state](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-v4-state?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=js)
